As we saw in these four examples
what graphs are used for
are kind of different but they all show
different viewpoints from which you
can use graphs for your analysis.
Since this course focuses
on graph analytics,
I'd like to briefly recap
what the term means.
Analytics is the ability to
discover meaningful patterns and
interesting insights into data using
mathematical properties of data.
It covers the process of computing
with mathematical properties, and
accessing the data itself efficiently.
Further, it involves
the ability to represent and
work with domain knowledge as we
saw in use case two with biology.
Finally, analytics often involves
statistical modeling techniques for
drawing inferences and
making predictions on data.
With analytics, we should be able
to achieve the goals shown here.
Take a minute to read.
Therefore, graph analytics is
a special case of analytics where
the underlying data can be
modeled as a set of graphs.